# react-diff-view

A git diff component

## Customize styles

You can override styles on certian css classes to customize the appearance of `react-diff-view`, here is a list of css classes generated by component:

- `diff`: The diff container, a `<table>` element.
- `diff-gutter-prev-col`: The `<col>` element to control the gutter column of previous revision.
- `diff-gutter-next-col`:  The `<col>` element to control the gutter column of next revision.
- `diff-chunk`: The `<tbody>` element representing a diff chunk.
- `diff-chunk-header`: The `<tr>` element reprensenting the chunk's header.
- `diff-chunk-header-gutter`: The `<td>` element corresponding to gutter within chunk header.
- `diff-chunk-header-content`: The `<td>` element corresponding to code content within chunk header.
- `diff-gutter`: The `<td>` element containing the line number.
- `diff-gutter-normal`: Gutter of a normal change.
- `diff-gutter-add`: Gutter of an addition.
- `diff-gutter-del`: Gutter of a deletion.
- `diff-gutter-omit`: Gutter with no content.
- `diff-gutter-selected`: Gutter of a selected change.
- `diff-line`: The `<tr>` element for a line of diff.
- `diff-code`: The `<td>` element containing code.
- `diff-code-normal`: Code of a normal change.
- `diff-code-add`: Code of an addition.
- `diff-code-del`: Code of a deletion.
- `diff-code-omit`: Code with no content.
- `diff-code-selected`: Code of a selected change.
- `diff-column-text`: Column difference between two lines of code.

You can pass `className` prop to `Diff` component to add custom class to the `<table>` element.

The `Diff` component also accepts a `customClassNames` prop which contains custom css classes for different part, it can be a object with multiple keys: `chunk`, `chunkHeader`, `gutterHeader`, `codeHeader`, `line`, `gutter`, `code`, each value can be a string, the value will be appended to corresponding part's `className` prop.
